Update phone number field to use international format (#49)
SpaceyaTech/Team-Rio-Django: requirements.txt

pytz==2022.6
sqlparse==0.4.3
tzdata==2022.6

> django-phonenumber-field==7.0.0 # enables localization of phone number based on couuntry code

Reviewer: ```suggestion
django-phonenumber-field==7.0.0 # enables localization of phone number based on country code

django-phonenumbers
```
